1) This morning I met John. ... the bus-stop.
a) in b) before c) to d) at
2) … guests who arrived yesterday came by plane.
a) Most of the b) Most of c) The most of d) The most of the
3) My bank account has been … the red for a while.
a) in b) on c) to d) at
4) Ms Sailor, our Japanese distributor, suggested Tom … her in a few weeks.
a) to call b) call c) calling d) called
5) My boss would like … more with Asian customers.
a) for work b) working c) to work d) worked
6) The wall of the store … was not badly damaged, but to be on the safe side, we
decided to strengthen …
a) oneself/it b) oneself/its c) itself/ it d) itself/ its
7) Jim … his office. It looks lovely now.
a) had a worker repainted b) got a worker repaint
c) had a worker to repaint d) got a worker to repaint
8) When I … 20, I want to tour the world with my friends.
a) be b) will be c) am being d) am
9) “Where can they leave your key?”. “They can ... it back in my mail box”.
a) pose b) drop c) live d) let
10) Mr Tatler’s office is … the second floor.
a) on b) in c) into d) at
11) Despite the legal difficulties, we decided to go … with the merger.
a) up b) ahead c) onto d) off
12) He enjoys traveling … his boss prefers staying at the office.
a) whereas b) in spite of c) unlike d) because of
2
13) Look, Lena’s phone is on the coffee table. She … have left it there last
night.
a) should b) would c) could d) must
14) You … pay now, just give a deposit.
a) shan’t b) needn’t c) wouldn’t d) ought
15) I will ask Mr McManus for … because I’d like to get a loan.
a) a rendez-vous b) a date
c) an appointment d) a consultation
16) Which actor does he … most?
a) admires b) admire c) admired d) admiring
17) There was a new play last night and the audience … for five minutes. I
guess people loved the play.
a) applaude b) have applauded c) applauded d) have been applauding
18) She was advised to arrive … the airport very early.
a) in b) at c) into d) on
19) I don’t like my job very much … the salary is good.
a) as a result b) but c) despite d) consequently
20) “How do you get …with your new colleagues?” “Very well, thanks.”
a) up b) forward c) down d) along
21) If I … more money, I … more income tax.
a) had earned / will pay b) earned / would have paid
c) had earned / would have paid d) earned / will pay
22) They have been seeing each other for 6 months; and yet they … each other
for over ten years.
a) have known b) know c) knew d) have been knowing
23) … they really … or just pretending?
a) Do / work b) Are / working c) Did / work d) Will / work
24) Stop cleaning this old wall. You … your time.
a) are losing b) are wasting c) lose d) waste
3
25) There is a vending machine … the photocopier.
a) between b) next c) next to d) on
26) We were late … the strike.
a) in spite of b) because of c) while d) as for
27) Pass me … salt, … you?
a) any / will b) the / will c) the / won’t d)  / won’t
28) You … killed because there was no brake fluid in the reservoir of the car.
a) could have been b) may have c) might have d) must have been
29) I can’t stand … for people who are always late.
a) wait b) to wait c) waiting d) to waiting
30) Rowan Atkinson aka Mr Bean graduated … electrical engineer before he
went into acting.
a) as an b) as c) like d) like an
31) I can’t stand him as he is … complaining.
a) still b) always c) again d) ever
32) Our head office is …the post office.
a) over b) next c) on d) opposite
33) We can’t use the printer because we’ve run … of paper.
a) out b) up c) down d) 
34) Last year I lost my laptop and I … a new one.
a) must have bought b) had to buy
c) had bought d) would buy
35) Do you mind my … in the room?
a) smoke b) to smoke c) smoking d) to smoking
36) The Americans … every four years to choose their president but also their
representatives, mayors and sheriffs.
a) were used to voting b) are voting
c) are used to vote d) vote
4
37) When my brother was arrested for shoplifting, my parents were furious …
him.
a) with b) for c) of d) against
38) … France, people celebrate Bastille Day on 14th July.
a) At b) Over c) Through d) Throughout
39) If you have such a stomachache, you … to go to the doctor’s.
a) should b) ought c) must d) had better
40) How can parents get their children … more these days?
a) to read b) read c) reading d) reads
41) She has applied … 4 internships.
a) to b) with c) at d) for
42) I have already got three meetings. … Thursday morning.
a) in b) on c) at d) of
43) When a situation gets out of hand, it …
a) falls out of perspective b) is lost to the world
c) is unmanageable d) is confusing
44) We … over lunch tomorrow.
a) are meeting b) meet c) are about to meet d) will have met
45) If I … you, I … go and see that play as soon as possible. It is just amazing.
a) were/will b) would be/will c) were/would d) am/would
46) … this survey is very interesting, some of the figures are misleading.
a) Because b) Since c) Although d) So
47) When the plane crashed, it ... only three times.
a) has flown b) flew c) was flowing d) had flown
48) The accountant is on a business trip so he … have stolen the cash that was in
the safe.
a) mustn’t b) can’t c) needn’t d) shouldn’t
49) Mr Coburn denied … on the crime scene earlier on.
a) to be b) to being c) having been d) to have been
5
50) He is off to the hairdresser’s to …
a) have cut his hair b) get cut his hair
c) let his hair cut d) get his hair cut
51) “Give my regards to your parents” means:
a) Give this present b) Give a kiss
c) Give my attention d) Say hello for me
52) It is your Spanish client … the phone: he says it’s rather urgent.
a) at b) into c) onto d) on
53) We are sending you the bill for the repairs, … agreed earlier.
a) since b) like c) as d) 
54) I’ll call him back … I am done with this.
a) soon b) as soon as c) sooner than d) 
55) Where are the scissors? They … be in this drawer, but they are not.
a) must b) might c) should d) would
56) Look, our two briefcases are …
a) look like b) alike c) like d) similars
57) At Gordon Transport Inc, we guarantee … orders within two weeks.
a) delivery b) delivering c) deliver d) to deliver
58) Our warehouses are located … the country, so we can deliver goods very
quickly.
a) over b) all over c) at d) into
59) Global wine production is decreasing … the pandemic and economic
uncertainty.
a) because of b) while c) whereas d) in spite
60) She called …her tax-adviser to have him help her with her tax-return.
a) with b)  c) at d) to
61) You’ll like the new computer … you are used to it.
a) at once b) once c) one d) one time
6
62) They intend to hire another secretary … it is impossible for one secretary to
cope with this task.
a) as b) like c) as for d) even
63) We’ll have to work hard to make … the delay.
a) up b) up to c) up for d) upside down
64) What about … a take-away pizza for dinner?
a) buying b) buy c) to buy d) bought
65) He badly hurt … while trying to clean the tool.
a) oneself b) himself c) him d) itself
66) Tom always was a fast driver. He was … to have a car accident one day.
a) about b) bound c) unlikely d) probably
67) “Not to judge a book by its cover” means:
a) to have a good look at the book before buying it
b) to read the back cover before buying it
c) not to judge on appearances
d) to buy books at random
68) I feel … sorry for not helping you move out last week-end but I had a
backache and was in pain.
a) terribly b) terrible c) much d) very much
69) He is neither interested in engineering studies … in medical studies. What
will he do then?
a) nor b) or c) either d) 
70) I … a poem about the beautiful Norwegian landscapes. Would you like to
read it?
a) have been writing b) had written
c) have writing d) had been writing
71) It is high time we … if we want to catch the ten o’clock flight.
a) leave b) left c) will leave d) should leave
72) Because of the transport strike, he decided to come to work …
a) on foot b) by feet c) on feet d) on walking
7
73) He … a lot of squash to get the stress out of his system and it works
wonders.
a) used to play b) was used to play
c) was used to playing d) is used to playing
74) … the pandemic and the lack of social interactions, more and more people
are feeling depressed.
a) Due to b) Because c) Owing d) As of
75) …. the problems he came across during his internship, it was a valuable
experience.
a) In spite b) Despite c) Although d) Whereas
76) You must fill … this form to get a new passport.
a) off b) on c) in d) for
77) She had never heard … good speech.
a) such b) a such c) such a d) so
78) The Export manager and the Sales manager talk to … every day.
a) themselves b) theirs c) each one d) each other
79) Mike and his German counterpart have been working on the same project …
about two weeks.
a) for b) since c) during d) while
80) Mrs Lombard is looking forward to … to our Hong-Kong office when she is
promoted.
a) being sent b) be sent c) been sent d) sending
81) The British Prime Minister said he was trying to obtain … support in his
campaign against drugs
a) people’s b) people c) the people d) peoples
82) I’m so happy, I’ve got … holiday.
a) a two-week b) two week c) a two week’s d) a two weeks
83) Can you … me to buy that book next time I’m in town?
a) remember b) remind c) recall d) remembering
84) She would like to … the manager.
a) introduce you b) introduce you to
c) present you with d) meet you
8
85) He … for only five minutes when the train arrived.
a) was waiting b) has been waiting
c) had been waiting d) will wait
86) Just ten people came to the party; apparently only … were not afraid of the
bad weather conditions.
a) a few b) most c) little d) minority
87) “And now for dessert, … ice-cream flavour do you prefer: vanilla, chocolate
or lemon?”
a) what b) which c) whose d) whatever
88) … she goes, she always enjoys her trip.
a) Whenever b) Wherever c) Whatever d) Whoever
89) You won’t get the order … you call the client back.
a) otherwise b) anyway c) no matter d) unless
90) … you decide, please call me as soon as possible to let me know.
a) No matter that b) No matter what
c) However that d) However what
91) I … well enough to go on speaking.
a) didn’t feel myself b) didn’t feel oneself
c) didn’t feel me d) didn’t feel
92) “…fault is it?” “Actually, I don’t think it is anyone’s fault.”
a) What b) Which c) Whom d) Whose
93) She has asked us … tell him the truth about his birth.
a) not to b) to not c) don’t d) not
94) Paper is made … wood, isn’t it?
a) up of b) of c) from d) with
95) I cannot quite hear you. …you speak louder, please?
a) Cannot b) Might c) Could d) Should
96) He has … friends on Facebook. He is a bit of a loner.
a) little b) few c) fewer d) plenty of
9
97) “Why are they walking so fast?”. “They are…”
a) hurry b) hurried c) in hurry d) in a hurry
98) We would rather … a curry delivered at home than sit in a noisy curry
house.
a) had b) have c) having d) have had
99) I hope 2021 won’t be as miserable … 2020.
a) that b) than c) as d) like
100) I have never tasted it but I saw this wine … in restaurants.
a) much time b) often times c) many times d) long time ago
101) “Hoosain Korjieker was feeling upbeat about the year ahead” means that
he was feeling:
a) optimistic b) pessimistic
c) worried d) panicked
102) “From his office now overlooking the empty desks” means that his
office was:
a) hidden from the journalists’offices b) below the journalists’ offices
c) looking down onto the journalists’
offices
d) in an out-of-the-way space
103) “The impact of the pandemic and the lockdown on the media industry was
swift” means that it was:
a) sudden b) brilliant
c) slow d) weak
11
104) “The M& G was fortunate to survive 2020” means that it was:
a) lucky b) strong
c) optimistic d) wealthy
105) “Quality content is what underpins our ability to survive” means that
quality content is what:
a) is most important to help the
magazine survive
b) undermines the magazine’s
survival
c) is least important d) jeopardizes the magazine’s
survival
106) “The future of the media industry is bleak” means that the future of the
media industry is:
a) looking bright b) looking up
c) looking down d) looking sombre
107) “I look at the future with trepidation” means that he looks at the future
with:
a) excitement b) apprehension
c) little fear d) confidence
108) “Most print media has not yet managed to bounce back” means that
print media has not yet managed to:
a) recover again b) refuse attention
c) retrieve something of great
importance
d) rearrange a series of things
12
109) a) ninety years old b) ninety year-old c) ninety years-olds d) nineteen
110) a) during b) meanwhile c) while d) in the meantime
111) a) article b) statement c) stating d) remarks
112) a) as b) like c) into d) of
113) a) which b) whose c) what d) somewhat
114) a) channelled b) turned c) revolted d) revolutionized
115) a) charismatique b) charisma c) charism d) charismatic
116) a) with b) at c) for d) forward
117) a) mostly b) numerous c) many d) the most
118) a) Brit b) British c) Britain d) british
119) a) cop b) coper c) cuppa d) cap
120) a) whom b) who c) which d) whose
121) a) effortlessly b) effortless c) effortful d) with some effort
122) a) demands b) demand c) demanding d) demanded
14
123) a) voted b) asked c) denied d) secured
124) a) loving b) beloved c) cherishing d) lovingly
125) a) alive b) living c) live d) alive and kicking
126) a) out b) up c) away d) into
127) a) the UK b) a UK c) UK d) Ukip
128) a) young day b) youth c) youngster d) young
129) a) compet b) champion c) award d) contest
130) a) resented b) respected c) represented d) rejected
131) a) down b) up c) uptown d) forward
132) The person who focuses on rudeness in Europe in the article
a) Has carried out a survey in different European countries
b) Has written a book about rudeness
c) Is speaking from experience
d) Has discussed rudeness with friends and summed the information up
133) As far as rudeness is concerned
a) It occurs extremely rarely in Europe
b) It is a major European problem
c) It is not a major problem but it will occur now and again
d) It is a big issue in most European countries
134) As far as Austria is concerned
a) The author went through rudeness on several ocasions over there
b) The author just had one experience of rudeness but it was very traumatic
c) The author was screamed at but for a reason
d) People are rude over there but rarely make a show of it
16
135) As a result, the author
a) Does not go to Austria any longer
b) Is very cautious when in Austria
c) Has decided to adopt the “an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth” attitude
d) Won’t talk to people over there so as to avoid conflict
136) The Germans
a) Are even-tempered people who never blow up
b) May blow up but it will take some time
c) Are very hot-tempered people
d) Love a confrontation and a fight
137) As a result, when in Germany, the author
a) Avoids talking to people
b) Enjoys a confrontation and a good old fight
c) Adopts a low profile
d) Pretends he is deaf and dumb
138) Generally speaking, in Great Britain
a) People have a stiff upper lip and always keep their cool
b) The situation never gets out of hand
c) People are extremely polite except when they have had too much to drink
d) People do too much drinking on weekends
139) In towns on a week-end night
a) Brits usually get very drunk and cause havoc
b) Brits turn into zombies
c) Brits dine and wine but all in good cheer
d) Brits are drunk, loud but fortunately it’s only a few of them
140) “Is like a zombie apocalypse” means that
a) People wear zombie costumes at the week-end in England
b) Week-end nights are very atmospheric and friendly
c) Drunk people have a robotic and zombie-like look and walk
d) It’s fun at week-ends in the United-Kingdom
141) As for the French
a) They are as sweet as can be
b) They can be fierce as it is in their history
c) They will rarely be fierce
d) People will get out of control but on rare occasions
17
142) In France, when laws people do not approve of are passed
a) The French will react in a violent but disorganised way
b) Most French people won’t react in one way or another
c) People get organized and demand to meet a government’s representative
d) Some people will quickly get organized, cause trouble, burn cars etc
143) Such an attitude comes as no surprise in France where monarchy came to
an end
a) Because the last king was jailed and starved to death
b) When the last king ran away
c) When the last king was lapidated
d) When the royals were beheaded
144) However it seems that the good point is that this show of rudeness in
Europe
a) Is actually a sign that people care about what is appropriate and done/ not done in
their country
b) Helps people get the stress out of their system
c) Does not necessitate the police to be very active to enforce law and order
d) Makes people feel powerful and in control
145) Scandinavian rudeness which is ususually social awkwardness bordering on
the autistic spectrum means that rudeness over there is
a) A virus
b) A lack of social skills
c) Similar to rudeness in Austria
d) Similar to rudeness in Britain