This morning I met John. ... the bus-stop. : in  : before  : to : at
... guests who arrived yesterday came by plane. : Most of the : Most of : The most of  : The most of the
My bank account has been ... the red for a while. : in  : on   : to  : at
Ms Sailor, our Japanese distributor, suggested Tom ... her in a few weeks. : to call   : call  : calling   : called
My boss would likemore with Asian customers. : for work : working   : to work  : worked
The wall ofthe storewas not badly damaged, butto be on the safe side,wedecided to strengthen : oneself/it  : oneself/its   : itself/ it   : itself/ itshis office. Itlooks lovely now. : had a worker repainted   : got a worker repaint   : had a worker to repaint   : got a worker to repaint0, I want to tour the world withmy friends. : be  : will be   : am being  : am
Where canthey leaveThey can ...itback. : pose  : drop  : live    : letthe second floor. : on   : in  : into  : at
Despite the legal difficulties, we decided to gowiththe merger. : up  : ahead   : onto  : off
He enjoys travelinghis boss prefers stayingat the office. : whereas   : inspite of   : unlike : becauseof
Look, Lhave left it therelastnight. : should   : would   : could   : must
Youpaynow, just give a deposit. : needn : ought
I willask Mr McManus forlike to get a loan. : a rendez-vous : a date : anappointment : a consultation
Which actor doeshemost? : admires : admire   : admired   : admiring
There was a new play last night and the audiencefor five minutes. Iguess peopleloved the play. : applaude  : have applauded    : applauded  : have been applauding  the airport very early. : in  : at  : into  : onmy job very muchthe salary is good. : as a result : but   : despite   : consequently
 : up   : forward   : down   : along
If Imore income tax. : had earned / will pay : earned / would have paid : had earned/ would have paid : earned/ will pay
They have been seeing each other for 6months;and yet theyeach otherfor over ten years. : have known  : know : knew   : have been knowingthey reallyor justpretending? : Do/ work    : Are/ working  : Did/ work   : Will/ work
Stop cleaning thisoldwall. Youyour time. : are losing   : are wasting  : lose   : waste
There is a vending machinethe photocopier. : between : next  : next to  : on
We were latethestrike. : in spite of   : because of  : while   : as for
Pass meyou? : any/will  : the/will   : the / : /
Youkilled because there was no brake fluid in the reservoir of the car. : could have been    : may have  : might have   : must have beenfor people whoare always late. : wait  : to wait   : waiting   : to waiting
Rowan Atkinson aka Mr Bean graduatedelectrical engineer before hewent into acting. : as an   : as   : like  : like ancomplaining. : still   : always  : again   : ever : over  : next  : on : oppositeof paper. : out   : up  : down  : 
Last year I lost my laptop and Ia new one. : must have bought   : had to buy  : had bought   : would buy
Do you mind myin the room? : smoke  : to smoke   : smoking   : to smoking
The Americansevery four years to choose their president but also theirrepresentatives, mayors and sheriffs. : were used to voting : are voting : are used to vote   : vote
When my brother wasarrested for shoplifting, my parents were furioushim. : with   : for   : of : againstFrance, people celebrate Bastille Day on 14thJuly. : At   : Over   : Through   : Throughout
If you have such a stomachache, you : should   : ought   : must   : had better
How can parents get their childrenmore these days? : to read  : read   : reading   : reads
She has ap
to   : with   : at   : for
I have already gotthree meetings.Thursday morning. : in   : on   : at   : of
When a situation gets out of hand, it : falls out of perspective   : is lost to the world   : is unmanageable   : is confusing
Weover lunch tomorrow. : are meeting   : meet   : are about to meet   : will have met
If Iyou, Igo and see that play as soon as possible. It isjustamazing. : were/will   : would be/will : were/would   : am/wouldthis surveyis very interesting, some of the figures are misleading. : Because   : Since    : Although   : So
When the plane crashed, it ...only three times. : has flown   : flew : was flowing   : had flown
The accountant is on a businesstrip so hehave stolen the cash that was inthe safe. : 
Mr Coburn deniedon the crime scene earlier on. : to be   : to being   : having been   : to have been
He is off to the : have cut his hair    : get cut his hair    : let his hair cut        : get his hair cutGmeans: : Give this present   : Give a kiss   : Give my attention   : Say hello for me
It is your Spanish clientthe pho : at  : into  : onto  : on
We are sending you the bill for the repairs,agreedearlier. : since   : like   : as   : I am done withthis. : soon   : as soon as  c : sooner than   : 
Where are thescissors? Theybe in this drawer, but they are not. : must   : might   : should : would
Look, ourtwo briefcases are : look like  : alike   : like   : similars
At Gordon Transport Inc, worders within two weeks. : delivery   : delivering   : deliver   : to deliver
Our warehouses are locatedthe country, so we can deliver goods veryquickly. : over   : all over  : at : into
Global winthe pandemic andeconomicuncertainty. : because of   : while   : whereas   : in spite
She called-adviser to have him help herwith her tax-return. : with   :  : at   : toyou are used to it. : at once   : once  : one   : one time
They intend to hire another secretaryit is impossible for one secretary tocope with this task. : as   : like   : as for   : eventhe delay. : up   : up to   : up for  : upside down
What abouta take-away pizza for dinner? : buying : buy    : to buy   : bought
Hebadlyhurtwhile tryingto clean the tool. : oneself   : himself   : him  : itself
Tom always was a fast driver. He wasto have a car accident one day. : about   : bound   : unlikely   : probablyNot tmeans: : to have a good look at the book before buying it  : to read the back cover before buying it c : not to judge on appearances  : to buy books at random
I feelsorry for not helping you move out last week-end but I had abackache and was inpain. : terribly   : terrible  : much   : very much
He is neither interested in engineering studiesin medical studies. Whatwill he do then? : nor : or  c : either  d : a poem about the beautiful Norwegianlandscapes. Would you like toread it? : have been writing   : had written   : have writing  : had been writing
It is high time we : leave   : left   : will leave   : should leave
Because of the transport strike, he decided to come to work : on foot   : by feet   : on feet   : on walking
used to play      : was used to play   : was used to playing   : is used to playing
the pandemic and the lack of social interactions, more and more peopleare feeling depressed. : Due to   : Because   : Owing   : As ofthe problems he came across during hisinternship, it was a valuableexperience. : In spite  : Despite   : Although : Whereas
You must fillthis form to get a new passport. : off   : on   : in   : for
She had never heardgood speech. : such   : asuch   : such a   : so
The Export manager and the Sales manager talk toevery day. : themselves   : theirs   : each one  : each other
Mike and hisabout two weeks. : for   : since   : during   : while
Mrs Lombard is looking forward toto our Hong-Kong office when she ispromoted. : being sent   : be sent   : beensent   : sending
The British Prime Minister said he was trying to obtainsupport inhiscampaign against drugs : people  : the people   : peoples
holiday. : a two-week   : two week  : a two weeks
m in town? : remember   : remind   : recall  : remembering
the manager. : introduce you   : introduce you to   : present you with   : meet you
Hefor only five minutes when the train arrived. : was waiting   : has been waiting   : had been waiting   : will wait
Just ten people came to the party;apparentlyonlywere notafraid of thebad weather conditions. : a few   : most   : little   : minority
And now for dessert,ice-creamflavour do you prefer: vanilla, chocolate : what   : which   : whose   : whatever
she goes, she always enjoys her trip. : Whenever   : Wherever   : Whatever   : Whoeveryou call the clientback. : otherwise   : anyway  : no matter    : unlessyou decide, please call me as soon as possible to let me know. : No matter that   : No matter what   : However that   : However what
Iwell enough to go on speaking.Actually, I don : What  : Which  : Whom  : Whosetell him the truth about hisbirth. : not to   : to not   : not
Paper is made : up of   : of   : from   : with : Cannot   : Might   : Could   : Shouldfriends on Facebook. He is a bit of a loner. : little   : few   : fewer   : plenty of
hurry   : hurried   : in hurry   : in a hurry
We would rathera currydelivered at home than sit in a noisy curryhouse. : had   : have  : having   : have had
I hope
that   : than      : as   : likein restaurants. : much time   : often times  : many times   : long time agoPART 2: Reading comprehensionText 1: Focus on the underlined wordsand expressions andmake the right choice:The Covid-
on the effects Covid-
optimistic : pessimistic : worried : panicked
hidden from the :  : looking dowoffices : in an out-of-the-way space
sudden : brilliant : slow : weak
lucky : strong : optimistic : wealthy
is mostimportant to help themagazine survive : undsurvival : is least important : jeopsurvival
The future of the media industry ismeans that the future of themedia industry is: : looking bright : looking up : looking down : looking sombre
I look at the future withtrepidationmeans that he looks at the futurewith: : excitement : apprehension : little fear : confidence
recover again : refuse attention : retrieve something of greatimportance : rearrange a series of things
.Connery's family told theBBCthat he died in his sleep(110 : in the Bahamas andthat he "had been unwell for some time."The Bond franchise's official Twitteraccountconfirmed the news Saturdaymorning."We are devastated by the news of the passing of Sir Sean Connery," longtimeproducers Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli said in a(111 : . "He was andshall always be remembered(112 : the original James Bond(113 : indelibleentrance into cinema history began when he announced those unforgettable wordshe(11 : the world with his gritty andwitty portrayal of the sexy and(115 : secret agent. He is undoubtedly largelyresponsible(116 : the success of the film series and we shall be forever grateful tohim."Connery appeared in some of(117 : popular films of the late 20th century,including as a(118 : army officer (and suspec : inMurder on the OrientExpress(197 : ; a scholar, father, and Nazi kidnapping victim inIndiana Jonesand the Last Crusade(198 : ; a Soviet naval captain gone rogue inThe Hunt forRed October(199 : ; an Alcatraz escapee turned hero inThe Rock(199 : ; and aChicago(119 : chasing mobster Al Capone inThe Untouchables(198 : , for whichhe won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.
sippedmartinis while thwarting supervillains, for which Connery was best known.Dr. NoinFrom Russia With Love(196 : ,Goldfinger(196 : ,Thunderball(196 : ,You
,Diamonds Are Forever(197 : , andNever Say NeverAgain(198 : .As Hollywood gradually shifted to darker, grittier portrayals of spy work, Bondstill remained Bond:(121 : theGuardianin 1971 while promotingDiamonds AreForever-character and people will always(122 : The franchise became a mainstay of cinema, with a host of other actors taking onthe title role, but fansroutinely(123 : Connery as theirfavorite 007.(124 : 
national treasure" in
from(127 : in the 2014 referendum.After a brief stint in the Navy in his(128 : , Connery tried his hand at modelingUniverse(129 : , where he(130 : Scotland. He worked his way(131 : from an extraonstage to speaking roles to TV work to films.
 : ninety yearsold : ninetyyear-old : ninety years-olds : nineteen
 : during  : meanwhile : while  : in the meantime
 : article  : statement  : stating  : remarks
 : as  : like  : into  : of
 : which                   : whose  : what  : somewhat
 : channelled  : turned  : revolted  : revolutionized
 : charismatique  : charisma : charism  : charismatic
 : with  : at  : for  : forward
 : mostly : numerous : many  : the most
 : Brit : British  : Britain  : british
 : cop : coper  : cuppa  : cap
 : whom : who : which : whose
 : effortlessly  : effortless  : effortful     : with some effort
 : demands  : demand  : demanding : demanded
 : voted  : asked : denied  : secured
 : loving  : beloved  : cherishing  : lovingly
 : alive  : living  : live  : alive and kicking
 : out  : up  : away  : into
 : the UK  : aUK : UK  : Ukip
 : young day : youth  : youngster : young
 : compet  : champion : award  : contest
 : resented  : respected  : represented  : rejected
 : down  : up  : uptown  : forwardText
The person who focuses on rudeness in Europe in the article : Has carried out a survey in different European countries : Has written a book about rudeness : Is speaking from experience : Has discussed rudeness with friends and summed the information up
As far as rudeness is concerned : It occursextremely rarely in Europe : It is a major European problem : It is not a major problem but it will occur now and again : It is a big issue in most Europeancountries
As far as Austria is concerned : The authorwent through rudeness on severalocasionsover there : The author just had oneexperience of rudenessbut it was very traumatic : The author was screamed at but for a reason : People are rude over there but rarely make a show of it
As a result,the author : Does not go toAustria any longer : Is very cautious when in Austria : Has decided to adoptan eye forattitudeto people over there so as to avoid conflict
The Germans : Are even-tempered people who never blowup : May blow up but it will take some time : Are very hot-tempered people : Love a confrontation and a fight
As a result,when in Germany,the author : Avoids talking to people : Enjoys a confrontation and a good old fight : Adopts a lowprofile : Pretends he is deaf and dumb
Generally speaking, in Great Britain : People have a stiff upper lip and always keep their cool : The situation nevergetsout of hand : People are extremely polite except when they have had too much todrink : People do too much drinking on weekends
Intownson a week-end night : Brits usually get very drunk and cause havoc : Brits turn into zombies : Brits dine and wine but all in good cheerfew of them
Is like a zombie apocalypsemeans that : People wear zombie costumes at the week-end in England : Week-end nights are very atmosphericand friendly : Drunk peoplehave aroboticand zombie-likelook and walkat week-ends in the United-Kingdom
As for the French : They are as sweet as can be : They canbe fierce as it is in their history : They will rarelybe fierce : People willget out of control but on rare occasions
In France, when lawspeople do not approve of are passed : The French will react in a violent but disorganised way :  : Some people willquicklygetorganized, cause trouble, burn cars etc
Such an attitude comes as no surprise in France where monarchy came toan end : Because the last king was jailed and starved to death : When the last king ran away : When the last king was lapidated : Whenthe royals werebeheaded
However it seems that the good point is that thisshow ofrudenessinEurope : Is actually a sign that people care about what is appropriate and done/ not done intheir country : Helps people get the stress out of theirsystem : Doesnot necessitate the police to be very activeto enforcelaw and order : Makes people feel powerful and in control
